i'm jory from Salt Lake City and we're
going to be talking about how to repair
a warped kitchen cabinet door now this
cabinet door and has been has been
worked pretty good it's got a big bow
going in the center and it's both so
much that we actually have a big split
right in the center of the door cabinet
doors warp in a lot of different ways
that happens if the wood is not totally
dry sometimes it depends a lot on the
weather humidity a lot of those things
that happen depending on where you live
now now this specific door we would
actually replace it just get a new one
replace it it's not worth messing with
the crack it's going to continue to
cause you problems just because how
severe the work the warping is so the
other thing that is the hap has happened
with this particular door is it's warped
in this direction so that this middle
this middle panel has shrunk and so that
we have kind of a step going on right
there going in to the to the side style
there so what I would do with that is
that that small of a piece I'd actually
just sand it down looking at this
warping it's not it's not too severe on
this particular door if it was a little
bit more than that we'd probably cut it
on the saw and then sand it to make sure
that it was good to go on this
particular one I'm just going to sand it
so as we sand that off we're gonna sand
sandesh so that it's flush with the with
the peace tax do it
making sure that
holding the sander the good position
a little bit more
there we go and that went out after we
sanded that down we can see now that
it's flush on this side we'd go ahead
and just do a round over and then apply
a finish coat if that's what you're
doing if you don't need to apply finish
coat depending on your door and that's
all you do just sand it and take care of
the work again on jewelry from Salt Lake
City and we have just talked about how
to repair a warped wood kitchen cabinet
door